# Tips for Meta EM Interviews

> Source: https://www.hellointerview.com/blog/tips-meta-em-interviews
> Scraped: 2026-03-30


V
vin_g
• 1 year ago

M1 managers are responsible for 1 to 3 teams (org size 8-40 is most common).
M2 managers typically have org sizes in the 40-120 range.

Is this actually correct? M1 should map to a first line manager that would typically have ~10 reports and M2 should be ~10 - 40. Beyond that, its typically a Director level postion.

3

Reply
R
regi01
Premium
• 8 months ago

Same question, can someone confirm this?

2

Reply
M
MaleGreenCatfish294
Premium
• 1 month ago

@Stefan - What does it mean ?

penalized heavily for making 101-level mistakes

I understand that ditto copying from a book is not something the interviewer would look for but would you mind clarifying what do you mean by "101-level mistakes" in this context?

0

Reply

Stefan Mai

Admin
• 1 month ago

Manager basics. Doing stuff that everyone knows is wrong.

1

Reply
M
MaleGreenCatfish294
Premium
• 1 month ago

Aah, I see. thanks for the revert.

0

Reply
Shanc
Premium
• 7 months ago

Nice article Stefan. Provides nice areas to review in our own interview preps.  Is HI planning to include them as part of the behavioral for specific signals pertaining Meta Manager interviews? That will be helpful similar to behavioral interview stories generated by the system. Thanks again for all your efforts in putting this together.

0

Reply
N
NewFuchsiaSilkworm545
• 1 year ago

Thanks for writing this article, Stefan!

Regarding the system design, what are the expectations for M1 engineering manager during the interview? Does the interviewer expect the manager to perform like an E5 or E6?

Same question for coding.

Thanks!

0

Reply

Stefan Mai

Admin
• 1 year ago

For SD, E5. Managers have a lower bar for coding.

1

Reply
Reading Progress

On This Page

Managers at Meta

Interview Presentation

Management Culture

Bottoms-Up Culture

Strengths-Based Management

Unstructured Environment

Representative questions

Summary

Recent Posts

Kafka vs RabbitMQ: How to know which one to use

Mar 23, 2026

LinkedIn's AI-Enabled Coding Interview: How to Prepare

Feb 20, 2026

Shopify's AI Coding Interview: How to Prepare

Feb 20, 2026

Meta's AI-Enabled Coding Interview: How to Prepare

Feb 17, 2026

How to Prepare for a Low-Level Design Interview

Jan 14, 2026

